---
sortOrder: 222
entryId: '211'
blogId: '3'
status: '2'
authorId: '2'
allowComments: '1'
allowPings: '1'
convertBreaks: '0'
categoryId: null
originalCategoryId: null
title: Resume
excerpt: ''
keywords: ''
createdOn: '2004-03-19 11:59:37'
modifiedOn: '2007-08-29 23:08:35'
basename: resume
atomId: 'tag:www.cbulock.com,2004://3.211'
weekNumber: '200412'
routeYear: '2004'
routeMonth: '03'
routeKey: 2004/03/resume
canonicalRouteEntryId: '211'
isCanonicalRouteEntry: true
textMoreIgnored: false
---
<div style="text-align: center;">
<h3 style="font-weight: bold;">Cameron Bulock</h3>
<p>
900 Long Blvd Unit 307<br />
Lansing, MI 48911<br />
(517) 303-0998
</p>
</div>

<h3 class="res_title">Objective</h3>

<p>
To obtain a position in the IT - Computer Networking industry where I can use my education and skills to the benefit of both employer and myself.
</p>

<h3 class="res_title">Education</h3>

<p>
ITT Technical Institute - Grand Rapids, MI<br />
Associate of Applied Science, IT - Computer Networking Systems Technology<br />
Graduation: September 2002<br /><br />

Lansing Community College - Lansing, MI
</p>

<h3 class="res_title">Computer Experience</h3>

<ul>
<li>Website development using xHTML, CSS, PHP and MySQL. Also familiar with running and serving web applications using Perl and PHP.
</li><li>Running webservers based off of Linux/BSD platforms and Apache
</li><li>Developing internal tools and apps to increase office productivity.
</li><li>Email and phone technical support for various Internet services for residential and business customers.
<!--</li><li>Application creation using Visual Basic; one program was featured on Chris Pirillo's Lockergnome-->
</li><li>Experience repairing and troubleshooting PC's hardware and software.
</li><li>Experienced with all versions of Windows including 3,95,98,2000,NT,XP,CE, and Vista.
</li><li>Experinced with various flavors of Linux.
</li><li>Experience with handheld computers such as Palm OS and Pocket PC.
</li><li>Experience in building PC's.</li>
</ul>

<h3 class="res_title">Work History</h3>
<h4>Liquid Web</h4> Lansing, MI
<p>
Technical Support<br />
Sept 2007 - Present<br />
Support for web hosting services.</p>

<h4>CoreComm</h4> East Lansing, MI
<p>
Helpdesk<br />
May 2007 - Aug 2007<br />
Perform internal IT for Linux and Windows systems.  Handle technical support escalations and perform email based technical support.</p>

<h4>CoreComm</h4> East Lansing, MI
<p>
Lead Project Developer<br />
Aug 2006 - Aug 2007<br />
Administer servers, manage and maintain internal tools and scripts.  Manage intranet web site.</p>

<h4>CoreComm</h4> East Lansing, MI
<p>
Technical Support Coach<br />
Mar 2006 - May 2007<br />
Coaching duties include training new employees, doing evaluations, and developing training materials.</p>

<h4>CoreComm</h4> East Lansing, MI
<p>
Technical Support Lead<br />
Sept 2005 - May 2007<br />
Perform supervisor tasks including managing call center, maintaining service levels and dispatching technicians to repair network issues.</p>

<h4>CoreComm</h4> East Lansing, MI
<p>
Technical Support Representative<br />
Feb 2004 - Mar 2006<br />
Responsibilities include providing phone based technical support for dial-up, DSL, and wireless Internet service including troubleshooting connection problems, networking issues, e-mail problems and configuring PC's. Also handle residential and business telephone repair support including supporting VoIP phone service.</p>

<h4>Network Medics</h4>Eaton Rapids, MI
<p>
Technical Support<br />
Sept. 2003 - Feb. 2004<br />
Responsibilities include maintaining, troubleshooting and upgrading computers and networks for a number of different clients.
</p>

<h4>McDonald's</h4>Charlotte, MI
<p>
Assistant Manager<br />
May 1998 - Feb. 2004<br />
Responsibilities include assisting customers in a fast paced environment, personnel management including scheduling, motivating, delegating, and discipline, and evaluations, store maintenance, cash handling, quality control, inventory and report creation and analysis.
</p>
