---
sortOrder: 317
entryId: '312'
blogId: '2'
status: '2'
authorId: '2'
allowComments: '1'
allowPings: '1'
convertBreaks: __default__
categoryId: '4'
originalCategoryId: '4'
title: Scion xA
excerpt: >-
  My next car may be the Scion xA.  I had a test drive of this car on Saturday. 
  I like it a lot.  Drives almost exactly like my Toyota Echo, yet with a bit
  more kick to it.  This likely due to the fact that it's running the same
  engine and under the hood it's pretty similar to my Echo.  But, it has a
  smarter system that makes it drive a bit better, though the gas mileage is
  quite as good as the Echo.  Still not bad though.  I have been looking at a
  number of cars recently.
keywords: car scion xA echo Vibe Aveo cop
createdOn: '2005-04-25 12:06:49'
modifiedOn: '2011-10-17 15:46:06'
basename: scion_xa
atomId: 'tag:www.cbulock.com,2005://2.312'
weekNumber: '200517'
routeYear: '2005'
routeMonth: '04'
routeKey: 2005/04/scion_xa
canonicalRouteEntryId: '312'
isCanonicalRouteEntry: true
textMoreIgnored: false
---
My next car may be the Scion xA.  I had a test drive of this car on Saturday.  I like it a lot.  Drives almost exactly like my Toyota Echo, yet with a bit more kick to it.  This likely due to the fact that it's running the same engine and under the hood it's pretty similar to my Echo.  But, it has a smarter system that makes it drive a bit better, though the gas mileage is quite as good as the Echo.  Still not bad though.  I have been looking at a number of cars recently.  I looked at the Pontiac Vibe, but, while not priced too highly, it's cost more than my current car, as was the priciest of all the cars I have so far looked at.  I then looked at the Chevy Cobalt as I think that looks somewhat stylish and is the latest car from Chevy at a good price.  Looking at the interior, I quickly changed my mind.  Reminded me of a Corsica from the 80's.  Just a really boring and plain interior.  The outside looks nice, but I'm going to be sitting inside that thing for the next few years.  So, that went off the list quickly. While I was at the Chevy dealer, I looked at the Chevy Aveo.  Previously, I had not considered this as it looked way too small. But, looking at the inside, it seemed big enough and actually looked fairly nice inside.  Took that car for a test drive, but the car just could do anything.  I had trouble getting on the highway.  I ended up with the pedal all the way to the floor, and the car not really making any effort to accelerate.  That car is now also off my list.
The Scion xA is priced very nicely, even with all the standard features that my Echo doesn't have, such as CD player, power windows and locks, and a clock.  To top that off, I can add a security system, key less entry, side airbags, and a subwoofer, and the car is about $30 a month less than I pay for my Echo.  I currently lease the Echo, but I can buy this car for less.  To top that off, I researched the insurance rates, it looks like the Scion cost less for insurance.
Like I was mentioning before, I took the Scion for a test drive on Saturday.  I need to get back with the dealer soon as I need to get the order put in for the features that I want.  He said it would take a couple of weeks to have the car ready.  After that, I may actually have the car.  My current lease doesn't end until June 15th, but the dealer said that he would be more than willing to buy out the lease early as it is only around $6300 to buy out the car, and he said due to recent demand for the Echo, he could sell it for $9000.  Of course, he is making out quite nicely, and I would be getting out of my lease early, so everyone wins.  Also funny, when I was taking the test drive, I got pulled over by a cop.  Apparently, the dealer plate fell off of the car.  Was slightly nervous at the time, especially when the cop started asking how did he know we didn't steal the car as there was no plates, registration, or insurance.  The dealer didn't have a good answer and neither did I.  Fortunately, I had his business card on me as the cop asked for that as proof, and the dealer didn't have one on him.
So, as of right now, I think I will be going for this car, unless I find a good reason not too within the next week.
