---
contentFormat: markdown
sortOrder: 399
entryId: '397'
blogId: '2'
status: '2'
authorId: '2'
allowComments: '1'
allowPings: '1'
convertBreaks: __default__
categoryId: '4'
originalCategoryId: '4'
title: A Look Back at 2005
excerpt: >-
  I thought, I should do a look back at the past year, and reflect back on it. 
  This is a bad year to do so though.  If I can say anything about thinking back
  at 2005, it's that I'm glad it's over and look forward to 2006.
keywords: >-
  2005 new year family nickcole job divorce xhtml php mysql brett lan party
  patrick
createdOn: '2005-12-31 23:39:55'
modifiedOn: '2011-10-17 15:46:06'
basename: a_look_back_at_2005
atomId: 'tag:www.cbulock.com,2005://2.397'
weekNumber: '200552'
routeYear: '2005'
routeMonth: '12'
routeKey: 2005/12/a_look_back_at_2005
canonicalRouteEntryId: '397'
isCanonicalRouteEntry: true
textMoreIgnored: false
---
I thought, I should do a look back at the past year, and reflect back on it.  This is a bad year to do so though.  If I can say anything about thinking back at 2005, it's that I'm glad it's over and look forward to 2006.

I am normally a pretty positive person.  But, this past year has probably been one of my worst years.  The great thing about really bad years, I probably have only good things to look forward to.  Basically, getting divorced was a pretty stressful thing.  I didn't expect it to go well, but at the same time, I have never felt depression like I did after that happened.  I didn't know that I could feel that bad and have a better grasp on how depression can really affect your life.  I am over that for the most part now, but that lasted longer than I could have imagined.  I normally have pretty good control over my feelings and emotions, and for the first time, I didn't.  To top that off, while I knew my marriage wasn't going well, I didn't quite realize that Nickcole was so easily ready to end it.  I really caught me off guard.  Leading to the divorce, this summer we had some of the worst financial situations we ever had.  I still don't know why we didn't have any money.  But, we were broke.  I went to selling things on Ebay to have gas money.  I was scared for a while and that lead to a lot of stress having to worry about money so much.  And now, my job is no longer guaranteed to last much longer.  It's more of a question of when it will be over with, rather than an if.  I will be laid off sometime soon, be it a month or three months.  And with the current job market, I might have to settle for less pay or something.  It's not making this year end all that well.  That's the general bad crap that I can think of right now.  It's the stuff that has affected me most this year.

Let's see, some of the good things about the past year.  At the beginning of the year, Brett was not quite even three months old.  Now he is running around, starting to talk and becoming quite an energetic little boy.  My job also pays more and has become tons easier. At the same time, while my financial situation at one point this year was the worst it has ever been, I now am only working one job and doing quite well financially.
Knowledge-wise, I have been learning so much about web design.  I completely rebuilt this site from the ground up.  That was one of the biggest projects of my life.  Seriously.  It took about half a year to complete.  In the process I have learnt about proper xHTML coding, PHP and MySQL databases. I feel pretty confident in using these now and hope that I will be able to do some nice web projects in the near future.
People-wise, being single has changed my social situation quite a bit.  I didn't really talk to my brother much since moving out of my parents house back in 2000, but now we are probably closer than we have ever been.  That's really cool.  Plus, I have started hanging out with Patrick again.  We have been friends for over 15 years, but for the past five or so, we didn't do a whole lot together.  More recently, I have been hanging out with Paul, CJ, and Ben from work.  We've been having LAN parties every couple weeks and that's been fun.  While I have been lacking in relationships with women, hopefully that situation will improve sometime in the future.  So, not everything has been bad.

That's my quick rundown of 2005. I feel confident that 2006 will be a great year.  My goals for 06 are to start working out and to get a better job.  I don't want to make my goals list too long, or I'll skip things.  As long as I do those two things, I think the rest of everything else I want to get done will kind of just fall in place.  Anyways, happy new year!
