---
contentFormat: markdown
sortOrder: 522
entryId: '551'
blogId: '2'
status: '2'
authorId: '2'
allowComments: '1'
allowPings: '1'
convertBreaks: __default__
categoryId: null
originalCategoryId: null
title: New Post
excerpt: >-
  Hey, once again it's been a while since I've posted anything on here.  I seem
  to have been generally exhausted whenever I am awake, this is probably due to
  the minimal sleep I have been giving myself.  I actually took a nap yesterday
  and slept about 9 hours last night, so now I feel great.
keywords: texas hold'em poker guitar hero wii liquidweb liquid web mirror cache birthday
createdOn: '2007-11-05 10:08:38'
modifiedOn: '2007-11-05 19:17:45'
basename: new_post
atomId: 'tag:www.cbulock.com,2007://2.551'
weekNumber: '200745'
routeYear: '2007'
routeMonth: '11'
routeKey: 2007/11/new_post
canonicalRouteEntryId: '551'
isCanonicalRouteEntry: true
textMoreIgnored: false
---
Hey, once again it's been a while since I've posted anything on here.  I seem to have been generally exhausted whenever I am awake, this is probably due to the minimal sleep I have been giving myself.  I actually took a nap yesterday and slept about 9 hours last night, so now I feel great.
So, what have I been up to as of late?  I have been playing a fair amount of Texas Hold'em Poker on Facebook. I was doing really great, then I got a bit cocky and went to the really large tables and lost everything.  Last week I bought Guitar Hero 3 for my Wii, that has been fucking awesome.  If anyone else has this game, let me know so we can do some online battles.  I may or not have already mentioned this, but I started a new job a couple months ago.  It's actually a pretty awesome place to work.  It's quite amazing that I can actually go into work and not dread it day after day.  I've been training in the dedicated setups department there the last couple weeks, building and setting up new servers.  Not really sure how I landed that, but it's pretty nice.  Don't have to deal directly with customers, which is the ultimate bonus as the general population of people are not really all that nice to deal with.  Another thing I have been working on in my free time when I'm not drinking is a new web project.  Don't want to give out a lot of details yet, but it's a site mirroring/caching system.  This has been done plenty of times before, but I'm hoping to give a new way of working the backend of it to make it an efficient system.
Anyway, just thought I'd give a random update.  I have a birthday coming up at the end of the month.  I will need some idea's of how to celebrate this.
