---
contentFormat: markdown
sortOrder: 574
entryId: '606'
blogId: '2'
status: '2'
authorId: '2'
allowComments: '1'
allowPings: '1'
convertBreaks: __default__
categoryId: '4'
originalCategoryId: '4'
title: Health
excerpt: >-
  So, my health seems to be on a downward spiral lately. I went to the hospital
  once as I just couldn't tolerate the nausea and pain any longer.  The doctor
  at the hospital actually gave me some medication that is helping for the most
  part with the nausea.  I still feel sick every time I eat though.  That's
  causing a lot of internal issues as I am hungry all the time, yet afraid to
  eat anything. I have seen the doctor again and he didn't really know what was
  going on now.  So, I am finally seeing a gastrointestinal specialist, but
  unfortunately that isn't for another month. I don't really know how I am going
  to cope until that time. Thankfully I have insurance, but the deductibles for
  all the medications I'm taking and the doctors visits are starting to add up.
keywords: health nausea doctor birthday Rachael
createdOn: '2008-12-17 00:47:00'
modifiedOn: '2011-10-17 15:46:06'
basename: health
atomId: 'tag:www.cbulock.com,2008://2.606'
weekNumber: '200851'
routeYear: '2008'
routeMonth: '12'
routeKey: 2008/12/health
canonicalRouteEntryId: '606'
isCanonicalRouteEntry: true
textMoreIgnored: false
---
So, my health seems to be on a downward spiral lately. I went to the hospital once as I just couldn't tolerate the nausea and pain any longer.  The doctor at the hospital actually gave me some medication that is helping for the most part with the nausea.  I still feel sick every time I eat though.  That's causing a lot of internal issues as I am hungry all the time, yet afraid to eat anything. I have seen the doctor again and he didn't really know what was going on now.  So, I am finally seeing a gastrointestinal specialist, but unfortunately that isn't for another month. I don't really know how I am going to cope until that time. Thankfully I have insurance, but the deductibles for all the medications I'm taking and the doctors visits are starting to add up.  Money is pretty much the last thing on my mind lately though.  The worst part is that I have no motivation or ambition to do anything anymore. I have basically just been trying to get through every day at work and then I just want to go home and do nothing.   For the most part, I have no social life anymore.  And, to any of my friends reading this, sorry that I haven't been up for going out and doing stuff.  If and when this is over, I will be back.
Another issue has been my diet.  I am not able to eat salty, fatty, or fried food.  Also can't have meat, caffeine or alcohol.  Now, I stopped drinking alcohol about two months again, and have been sticking with that.  The caffeine thing is pretty much impossible though.  I have got it so I am only drinking one caffeinated drink every two or three days.  Withdrawal headaches are really getting to me though, so I have may trying to maintain a reasonable level of caffeine to control that.  I have been avoiding meats for the most part as well, but still eating a little every other day.  Though it's not stated by the doctor, I can't eat dairy products anymore.  This is just because I have been getting extremely ill anytime I eat any dairy product.  I don't know if I have developed some type of lactose issue, I've tried taking Lactaid and it didn't help at all.  Maybe I have some type of milk allergy now.
Essentially, this means that every single thing that I used to eat on a daily basis is now off limits.  It's hard to adjust to that.  I am hoping I will begin losing weight soon as I haven't been eating much and just drinking water for the most part.  No weight loss has seemed to happen though.  Another issue is that I haven't been working out anymore as I never feel well enough.
In other news, I had a birthday recently.  That was alright, got to spend the whole day with Rachael.  Sadly, I was pretty sick much of it.  Ended up missing the Liquid Web holiday party as that was the day after I was in the hospital and I had to make up work hours during the party.  That was okay though as it was an open bar and I was able to avoid the temptation to drink.  Rachael's car ended up dying the night I was in the hospital as well.  This sucks quite a bit as she is not currently working so I'm not sure how it's going to get fixed.  And she now has three weeks off of school and she doesn't have a means to get to Lansing.
I think I will end this post for now as I don't really know where it's going and seems pretty random again.
