---
contentFormat: markdown
sortOrder: 579
entryId: '611'
blogId: '2'
status: '2'
authorId: '2'
allowComments: '1'
allowPings: '1'
convertBreaks: __default__
categoryId: '4'
originalCategoryId: '4'
title: Look Back at 2008
excerpt: >-
  I typically right a review at the end of each year, this year I've been
  putting if off.  I planned to write this the last week of December, but I was
  afraid it may be depressing, so I didn't. 2008 was quite the year.  In some
  ways it could be described as my best year, in many ways as my worst.  It also
  seemed to be very easily separated into two distinct parts that seem to be
  demarcated right in the center of the year.  The first half of the year was
  mainly the partying half, while the second half was the sick half.  It's quite
  possible the first half caused the second half, but so far the doctors have
  not linked the two.
keywords: 2008 sickness drinking alcohol rachael
createdOn: '2009-01-29 00:23:21'
modifiedOn: '2011-10-17 15:46:06'
basename: look_back_at_2008
atomId: 'tag:www.cbulock.com,2009://2.611'
weekNumber: '200905'
routeYear: '2009'
routeMonth: '01'
routeKey: 2009/01/look_back_at_2008
canonicalRouteEntryId: '611'
isCanonicalRouteEntry: true
textMoreIgnored: false
---
I typically right a review at the end of each year, this year I've been putting if off.  I planned to write this the last week of December, but I was afraid it may be depressing, so I didn't. 2008 was quite the year.  In some ways it could be described as my best year, in many ways as my worst.  It also seemed to be very easily separated into two distinct parts that seem to be demarcated right in the center of the year.  The first half of the year was mainly the partying half, while the second half was the sick half.  It's quite possible the first half caused the second half, but so far the doctors have not linked the two.
The first six months of 2008 were mostly filled with me drinking away almost every night possible.  I don't really recall much of this time.  The very beginning of the year I did start out slow in this aspect as I was pulled over by a cop in East Lansing in December of '07 after leaving the bar.  Only God knows how I wasn't over the limit, but it ended up being the first time ever being pulled over and not issued some ticket.  And I have been pulled over countless times.  That incident slowed down my drinking for a while, but I know I was back in full swing by St. Patrick's Day.  I had to work that day, so after work, I did the full sprint when it came to drinking.  After that, it was drink after drink, party after party.  At the time it seemed great, and I felt invulnerable.  I hadn't, and still haven't, vomited since summer of '07, so I felt like I could drink as much as I'd like with nothing to stop me.  And that's pretty much what I did.  There was a few times I was likely somewhat alcohol poisoned and that did make me reconsider what I was doing.  By the end of June or so, I think I had slowed down on the hardcore drinking somewhat.  All this time, I was starting to struggle with anxiety attacks.  These actually started around the end of 2006 or so.  They went away for a while, but started to become more and more recurrent around May.  I had a major anxiety attack near the beginning of June and went a saw a doctor.  I started taking medication for the anxiety and this helped a lot.  But, one day, I switched to a different medication and that day is when 2008 took a major change in course.
Now, before this reverse in course took place, another event was also happening that defines the difference between the different halves of the year. Also, many of the events that took place are linked. Later in the day of my major anxiety attack that ended me up in the doctors, I met Rachael.  We started to develop a close friendship.  Two days before a party she was having and I was going to go to and spend the most time I have with her up until that point was the day I switched that medication.  It caused the most extreme pain and nausea I have ever experienced.  My stomach was bleeding and I really don't know what happened.  It seems extreme that the medication might have caused that.  I'm not sure, and my doctor said he never heard of such a thing happening.  After this, I started developing progressive problems with my stomach and digestive system.  Endless nausea started to become a regular part of my life.  Drinking alcohol and my other love, Monster, came to a halt.  With the exception of about a quarter glass of beer I had about a week ago, I've been sober a good three months now.  But, since July, I've had maybe a total of 10 beers.  This is fairly significant since there were nights I'd drink that much.  Thankfully, at this same time, Rachael and I have developed a great relationship that has helped to counterbalance the illness I have been experiencing.
Overall, it's hard to really judge the year of 2008.  The first half was fun, but thinking back it seems like a lot of money was spent on experiences I barely recall.  It may have been exciting when it took place, it wasn't healthy or safe.  The second half was fully of great illness and great joy.  It has been really rough because I have been extremely happy with Rachael and she is the greatest thing to ever happen to me, but I've also been struggling with the worst sickness I've ever had.  It's been the best of times and the worst of times.  I know that's a quote and I'd cite it, but I don't really recall who said it.  But, it certainly describes the second half of my year.
