---
contentFormat: markdown
sortOrder: 607
entryId: '666'
blogId: '2'
status: '2'
authorId: '2'
allowComments: '1'
allowPings: '1'
convertBreaks: __default__
categoryId: '4'
originalCategoryId: '4'
title: Boxes
excerpt: >-
  I'm in the process of getting ready to move into a new apartment.  I've been
  living in my current place for almost 4 years now.  My current project is
  going through all the boxes in the basement and determining what I'm keeping
  and what I'm tossing.  I am a pack rat and there is tons of crap that I simply
  don't need to be saving.  I have been attempting to put myself into a
  mentality of making sure I'm only saving things that I really need to save.
  This hasn't been easy, but I have already been able to toss around five boxes
  worth of items. All of the boxes that are in the basement have been there
  since I have moved in and have never really been looked at.  Because of that,
  it's pretty clear that almost 100% of that stuff can go. If I haven't needed
  it in the last four years, it is likely that there is no reason to keep it.
keywords: boxes divorce nickcole
createdOn: '2010-12-27 22:42:24'
modifiedOn: '2011-10-17 15:46:06'
basename: boxes
atomId: 'tag:www.cbulock.com,2010://2.666'
weekNumber: '201052'
routeYear: '2010'
routeMonth: '12'
routeKey: 2010/12/boxes
canonicalRouteEntryId: '666'
isCanonicalRouteEntry: true
textMoreIgnored: false
---
I'm in the process of getting ready to move into a new apartment.  I've been living in my current place for almost 4 years now.  My current project is going through all the boxes in the basement and determining what I'm keeping and what I'm tossing.  I am a pack rat and there is tons of crap that I simply don't need to be saving.  I have been attempting to put myself into a mentality of making sure I'm only saving things that I really need to save. This hasn't been easy, but I have already been able to toss around five boxes worth of items. All of the boxes that are in the basement have been there since I have moved in and have never really been looked at.  Because of that, it's pretty clear that almost 100% of that stuff can go. If I haven't needed it in the last four years, it is likely that there is no reason to keep it.
However, actually going through the items has been a difficult process.  To step back a little, most these boxes have been unopened since my divorce.  My ex-wife separated a little over five years ago. At that time I moved in with my dad. She ended up packing up most of my belongings and I moved them into my dads place.  I didn't really need much when I was living with my dad as he was very helpful and taking care of everything I needed while I was there. So, those boxes just lingered. I ended up moving out of his house around a year later and he was also in the process of moving so I took all my boxes with me. They basically just moved straight to the basement where they have remained. I essentially just started over with my life after that divorce and never really thought about looking at what was in those boxes.  What I now have down there in that basement is a snapshot of a life that I've mostly forgotten about.  That time of my life mostly just seems no different than watching a movie in my head, it doesn't really seem real anymore. 
But, looking through these boxes has brought back a lot of those memories and a lot of emotions with it as well. I haven't been able to discard a number of items.  I've found a lot of things that I was happy to see.  There were pictures from when I was in high school. Pictures from my graduation. I found my wallet that contained senior pics of many of my close friends. I found my senior ring, I've found a lot of CD's that contained the music I listened to through my teen years. I also found some clothes I didn't know I had.  Some of them certainly didn't fit anymore, but I found a lot of socks that are in nearly new condition. Also found some dress shoes and ties that I can use.
On the other hand, there were a number of items that I really didn't need to dig up. One of those senior pics included my ex-wife's senior pic. There were saved Valentine Day's cards, and then even things such as old check books from our bank account. These random items seemed to really bring back emotions that I don't think I was really ready to revisit. It's kinda strange as I haven't really thought about the divorce or anything in years.  I did have a hard time back when it happened, but I was able to get past that and rebuild my life and I am happier today than ever before. I guess it's one of those things that maybe you never get over fully.  
At this point, I've got the boxes mostly dealt with. I saved a number of books, I found my original birth certificate, I'm saving that.  Other than the books, I have about two boxes of random things I feel that I should probably save.  I'm not 100% certain what I will do with these boxes, I won't have a basement anymore. Hopefully I can find some space.
